♪♪
- Hey, I'm Wes.
- I'm Philip.
We're Wong Fu Productions.
And we directed
"Single by 30."
Yep.
Phil, do you know
the best way
to meet new people?
Uh, duh, obviously
dating apps.
[chuckles]
Have you been on one?
Uh, I actually have,
one time,
but only for five minutes
'cause I got
too traumatized.
Hmm, well, let's see
what happens
to Peter and Joanna
when they try it
for the first time.
Rough.
I might've been wrong.
- Me, too.
- [pouring wine]
I wanna get off apps.
I wanna get on
the apps.
See, the problem
with the apps, though,
is that there's
too many choices.
Like, how can you
ever find the good ones?
Yeah, we're a generation
overrun with choice.
Seriously.
Have you seen
how many types
of Chex Mix there are?
It's unreasonable.
♪♪
Mmm. I have an idea.
Maybe we could choose
for each other.
Look, I could read
men better,
and you could read
women better.
We could switch accounts
and swipe for each other.
Okay, I can get
on board with this,
but if it doesn't work,
I'm just gonna get
a cat.
[chuckles]
It'll work.
- Here, take my phone.
- Oh, good.
Look, it'll be fun
if we don't know anything.
We just tell each other
where to go
and what time
to be there,
and a date
will be waiting.
Okay, so, like,
a blind date
- with a twist.
- Mmm-hmm.
Hey, just don't make
my date at a gym.
Apparently, my deadlift
isn't very impressive.
[laughs]
♪♪